Added file on take() (#5612)
Codecademy/docs: content/pytorch/concepts/tensor-operations/terms/take/take.md

---
Title: '.take()'

> Description: 'Returns a new tensor from a given tensor.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a 1D tensor containing elements from input at the specified indices.'
```

Reviewer: This can be elaborated

Subjects:
  - 'AI'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'AI'
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Data Structures'
  - 'Deep Learning'
CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-py-torch-and-neural-networks'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **.take()** function returns a tensor from the given tensor. The resulting tensor will always be a 1-D tensor irrespective of the size of the given tensor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.take()`** function returns a 1D tensor containing elements from the given tensor at the specified indices. The resulting tensor will always be a 1D tensor irrespective of the size of the given tensor. 
```

## Syntax

> ```psuedo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

torch.take(input,index)
```

> -`input`: the input tensor from which the elements will be taken.
> -`index`: the position of the elements you want to extract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-`input`: The input tensor from which the elements will be selected.
-`index`: A 1D tensor containing the indices of the elements to extract from `input`.
```

Reviewer: We avoid using pronouns like "you" and "we"

## Example

> The following example demonstrates the usuage of `.take()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates the usage of `.take()` function:
```

Reviewer: Since we referred to as a 'function' earlier, let us stick to that

```py

> import torch
> 
> #Define a tensor
> data = torch.tensor([[4, 2, -1], [7, 8, 0]])
> 
> #Define a new tensor
> torch.take(data, torch.take([0,2,5]))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import torch

# Define a tensor
data = torch.tensor([[4, 2, -1], [7, 8, 0]])

# Define indices as a tensor
indices = torch.tensor([0, 2, 5])

# Use torch.take with data and indices
result = torch.take(data, indices)

print(result)
```

Reviewer: There is an error in the code due to a misuse of `torch.take()` in the `indices` argument. The correct code should use a tensor for the `indices` argument in `torch.take`, not calling `torch.take` again inside it.

```

```shell
[4,-1,0]
```

> ## Codebyte
> 
> The following codebyte example shows the use of the `.take()` method:
> 
> ```codebyte/python
> import torch
> 
> # Define a tensor
> data = torch.tensor([[6, 8, 1],
>                     [5, 2, 4]])
> 
> # Calculate the transpose of the tensor
> out = torch.take(ten)
> 
> print(out)
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This can be removed, we only need ## Example block for this entry
